What's your understanding of the
constraints on what the Pentagon
>> [music]
>> allows a drone or an autonomous weapon
to do without a human deciding
>> [music]
>> kill this person, shoot this person?
>> The more important thing is what it
doesn't say, right? It doesn't say
you're not allowed to automate the kill
chain.
>> So, you're allowed to do that.
>> Uh you are not not allowed to do that.
>> Right.
>> [music]
>> Chris Brose, welcome to Interesting
Times.
>> Thank you. Great to be here.
>> So, it seems to me like the future of
high-tech warfare has [music] arrived.
That we are living through a revolution
in war fighting unlike any, at least in
my own lifetime, in which drones [music]
and robots and autonomous weapons are
remaking battlefields.
And your professional work puts you at
the center of this shift. You are the
president and chief strategy officer of
Anduril, which is a defense technology
company that's trying to be the hub or a
hub, at least, for autonomous warfare.
But, you're also someone with a deeper
background in national security and
American government. You worked as a
policy advisor to Condoleezza [music]
Rice, to John McCain, and you're the
author of a book about the high-tech
military future.
>> [music]
>> So, I want to start by asking you to
just describe where we are now generally
to someone, let's say, who fell asleep
at the end of the Iraq War and just woke
up.
>> Probably to talk about the future, we
also have to talk about that sort of
past and and present, right? So, if you
kind of look at, I'd say, the
assumptions that we have been operating
under for, you know, call it the past
30, 40 years. Um I think that's what's
sort of driven the kind of military that
we have. So, we have assumed that if
America is ever going to have to fight a
war, uh we are going to enter the
battlefield with technological
superiority against any rival, that we
have military primacy in the world, and
sort of dominance over any potential
competitor.
Uh and that if our military is called to
fight, uh the war's not going to last
very long. We're not going to shoot a
lot of weapons. We're not going to lose
a lot of ships and planes and, you know,
other types of big military platforms.
So, we have built and sort of sized and
shaped our military around exactly the
kinds of systems that you would expect
flow from that assumption, right? Very
expensive, very exquisite, very hard to
produce
uh military systems and weapons. Um and
I think when you look at the future, I
would argue that the assumptions that
are now kind of very evident to us in
the present and certainly I think uh
will be evident in the future are are
almost the opposite of of what we've
built our military around. Uh so, I
don't think that we have the kind of
military dominance that, you know, many
of us in the 1990s and early 2000s uh
just took for granted. Um I do think we
have pure competitors and and rivals in
the world who are uh you know, kind of
adapting to and and really disrupting
the American way of war.
I think that we are going to find a much
more contested battlefield where we're
going to lose a lot of planes, ships,
satellites, other things. Uh we're going
to shoot a lot of weapons and we're
going to have to replace that uh as an
act of production, you know, over a long
period of time. Um I think that is not a
future that we're really ready for. So,
I think all of this points in the
direction of autonomous systems, lower
cost systems, uh things that are much
more like uh kind of consumer technology
or commercial capabilities than they are
legacy military capabilities.
>> And this isn't just the future you're
describing. This is the present of one
one major ongoing war right now, right?
The Russia Russia-Ukraine war.
>> Yeah, but I think present and recent
past.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, I think this has been apparent
going all the way back to
um frankly, the Middle East, you know,
in uh you know, the past six or seven
years. I think all of the technology
that everybody is talking about in terms
of one-way attack drones and other
things were evident on the battlefields
in Iraq and Yemen and Syria going back
to the 2017, '18, '19. And then
obviously, the war in Ukraine puts this
all in high relief. But, you know, it's
it's a way of saying that uh you know,
we we tend to have this belief in the
United States that the future of war is
something that's going to happen to us
in 10 years and we have a long time to
get ready for. Uh I think it's been
unfolding for years and I think it is is
very much right now a present problem.
>> So, let's just you use Ukraine as a
template or a case study because it's
the biggest conflict and it's the one I
think that Americans have followed the
the most closely. Ukraine war starts out
with Russia trying to do basically a
sprint
to the capital, to Kyiv. Like a sort of,
you know, a war a war basically their
equivalent maybe of the US sprint to
Baghdad.
>> Yeah. Shock and awe. Shock and awe,
right?
>> And
that sort of
doesn't work and very quickly the war
becomes a grinding stalemate. But, how
quickly do drones and autonomous weapons
change the nature of that conflict?
Like, how would you describe the role
that they play for Ukraine itself
especially?
>> Yeah, I think that it is not something
that happens immediately. I mean, in in
the early days, you know, Russia gets
bogged down um largely for reasons I
think having to do with kind of the the
character of their regime. You know,
there was an assumption that this was
going to be a cakewalk. Uh so, they
didn't plan for, you know, having to
operate for, you know, weeks and months
and years.
It was only I think once the battlefield
lines hardened and you began to see um
you know, kind of both sides struggling
to advance and gain ground. Um but it,
you know, basically becomes a hider
finder problem and it became very
difficult to hide on that battlefield.
So, things like tube artillery became
increasingly risky uh bets to make. Um
and that's where I think you started to
see attack drones really kind of taking
uh taking the lion's share of the burden
in terms of the killing that they were
doing
uh and and sort of being critical to
military operations, which they are
today.
>> For someone who hasn't watched a video
of an attack drone in action, which you
can in fact watch on the internet.
What does a one-way attack drone do?
Describe a typical mission for one on
the Ukrainian-Russian front.
>> Yeah, so I think um there's going to be
different kinds for sure, right? I think
you know, these are small kind of
hand-carried drones that you can fly
either autonomously or you know, kind of
human-piloted.
Uh you know, they have you know, quite
capable sensors on them in terms of
being able to fly out, uh fly over an
area, um identify people or or military
systems that you want to strike. Uh and
then most of those systems have been
weaponized. So, they're carrying small
amounts of explosives that um you can
then literally just fly them into the
target. So, you see these horrible
videos on YouTube of uh you know,
Russian or Ukrainian soldiers like
running away from these drones that are
chasing them down in sort of horror
movie style. And then I think you see
the sort of larger uh you know, kind of
more complex operations that you know,
both sides have also innovated in
conducting where you have uh larger
drones that are going to look more like
uh you know, missiles. Uh you know,
where they're going to have other drones
that are flying out uh in advance of
them and doing this kind of targeting,
uh spotting of targets, feeding that
information back. Um and then these uh
you know, kind of larger drones are
operating more like precision strike
weapons. So, the ability to have these
systems that are out there uh on their
own sort of looking for targets,
identifying
uh you know, systems or personnel, and
then being able to fly out and strike
those targets with precision and do it
all at a price that's affordable. I
mean, that is how Ukraine has stayed in
the fight for over 4 years. Um they
would not have been able to do this
otherwise.
>> Does this is there a near future where
infantry itself starts to be
obsolete and you literally just have
drones and robots maneuvering against
each other, or is that still sort of
further out into the hypothetical?
>> I think that's further out if it's ever
something that becomes, you know,
feasible. Um simply because, you know,
so long as human beings continue to live
on and inhabit the earth, which I'm
pretty sure we're going to do for, you
know, the indefinite future.
I think it becomes very difficult for,
you know, kind of these types of robotic
systems to entirely go in, take, and
then hold ground, right? Because, you
know, what we've seen plenty in the war
in Ukraine is that,
you know, militaries can be at various
different times in the battle uh adept
at taking ground. It's the holding of it
that becomes very difficult. The
question then becomes can those gains be
solidified? Can those gains be held
entirely through kind of non-human
means? That's not a bet that I would
make at the moment.
>> Let's talk about Iran.
Because this is a war that the United
States is directly involved, yes. Right?
We're not just funding and observing as
as we are in Ukraine.
How much of
the specifics of the Iranian stalemate
are connected to technological change?
>> I would argue that Iran is still in the
fight um
in large part because of the sort of
technological systems that we're talking
about. You know, if you kind of believe
public reporting,
we've done an enormous amount of
military damage, right? I mean, the the
claims of sinking their navy and sort of
destroying their air force and
destroying their air defense systems,
going after their kind of military
industrial capacity. I mean, a lot of
that's happened. But at the same time,
the war is continuing because they're
still capable of building, fielding, and
using one way attack drones. These kinds
of robotic kind of drone boats that
are are, you know, quite effective in
sort of threatening the Strait of Hormuz
and sort of keeping that's that that
area of the world closed. These systems
are largely the reason I think that
they're still able to project power.
They're still able to hazard the United
States, our allies and partners in the
region. This could all change in a week
because of the just the the nature of
how quickly these things change.
But at the moment
>> How could it just I know you're not
inside government, but do you think that
the Pentagon was prepared for the kind
of responses that Iran has offered to
us? Do you think that this has gone as
the military expected and it's just
maybe the political side that didn't
anticipate it or what what's your take?
>> Um I have a hard time imagining that
if the premise of this was we were going
to very quickly
kind of decapitate the leadership strike
and they were going to sue for peace.
Um
might happen,
but I think the whole the whole nature
of a military is to plan for the worst
case scenario.
So I have to imagine that that kind of
planning was done.
I mean the reality is we still are in
the fight. We are still
you know striking targets. We are still
you know conducting the military
operations that the that the military
has been focused on, but I think when
you look very closely at the statements
of you know the chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff about you know munitions
inventory.
You know, we'll say
>> Well sir, we we we have sufficient
munitions for what we're tasked to do
right now.
That's what I hear from the COCOMs. What
I will say is I will always want more.
So I appreciate the effort of this
committee and the Congress. We're always
going to want more munitions.
>> The premise or sort of assumption being
that if somehow that changes or if the
the military objectives change or if the
conflict lengthens,
you know, that that might be a different
that might be a different situation. So
you know, I I think that there were
certain things that
Iran has been doing that I think we're
pretty easy to forecast. Closing the
Strait of Hormuz was you know something
that the US military has been worried
about for a very long time.
You know, the ability to project power
through one-way attack drones, etc. I
mean this is something that they've been
doing again for a very long time.
I think you can you can take issue with
how we've responded to that which
suggests you know maybe we weren't as
ready as we needed to be.
Maybe there things that we needed to be
doing learning the lessons of Ukraine
ourselves, um and and sort of changing
the way that we build our our military
to be ready for these kinds of
disruptions,
um but it is clearly not
kind of creating the political outcome
or the military outcome that uh at least
again through kind of uh public
statements from the the the leadership
of our country was the intent going into
this.
>> Let let let's talk about American
military readiness then in general.
There's a lot of talk about
how the US is burning through its
stockpile
of missiles and munitions.
>> Yeah.
>> A war with Iran is not a major great
power war.
>> No.
>> Right? It's not war with Russia. It's
not war with the People's Republic of
China.
Looking at what's played out in the
Persian Gulf over the last month and
just sort of looking at trends
generally, is the US prepared for a
major war?
>> If you look at it narrowly in the
question of munition stockpiles, um
which is a pretty important indicator of
military preparedness, um I would say
no.
Um and I think this has been known to us
for a very long time.
Um and I think the deeper question is
why is that and how do we fix it? Um you
know, so I think in the big you know,
opening days and weeks of uh you know,
Operation Epic Fury in Iran, you know,
what I've read publicly is you know, we
fired something like 8 years worth of
Tomahawk missile production.
Um
Now, that's an exquisite weapon. It does
remarkable things. Um the problem is
that it takes a very long time to build
and once you shoot it, it takes a time
to replace.
Um and we don't have, you know, an
infinite supply of them. So, I think if
you kind of look at the question of why
are we not ready for this? It goes back
to the the the comment I made at the
beginning, which is the assumptions that
we've made about warfare. Our
assumptions are that we would not have
to fight protracted conflicts. You know,
we we have assumed that we would get
into a war, we would enter the
battlefield with dominance, with all of
this exquisite military capability, and
the war would be over very quickly. Um
so, the fact that we we have deep
inventories of munitions, for example,
is not something that we'd have to worry
about. And And again, this has been
known for a long time. So
>> I guess I guess what
my sense had been, and you can tell me
why I I guess this is wrong,
had been that the goal of the US
military was supposed to be to
fight at least one protracted war,
right? And there would be controversy
back and forth about, well,
are we capable of fighting more than
one? Like, are we capable of fighting
Russia and China simultaneously? Seems
like
>> The goal was one major
theater, major regional or theater war.
Uh there was nothing said about the
duration of that war.
>> Okay.
>> Um so, when you look at sort of national
defense strategies going all the way
back, you know, decades or so, like, how
big do we have to build the military?
What's the shape of the military we have
to build? Uh it was all built around
this idea that we had to be able to
fight, you know, kind of two major
regional conflicts at once, and then
that got downgraded to one.
But the assumption was that those
conflicts were going to be over very
quickly. But, you know, back to your
question on munitions, so over the past
10 years, as a country, we've actually
tripled the amount of spending that
we're putting into, you know, Patriot
missile and Tomahawk and and these kinds
of uh weapons that now have household
names. Um the challenge is that even as
that spending has gone up, you know,
200, 300%, production has not moved in a
commensurate fashion. It's gone 14%, 23%
up. And you kind of can go critical
munition by critical munition and see
that we're putting significant amount of
resources in, and we're not getting
significant or commensurate amounts of
production out. So, to me, the problem
is they're remarkable pieces of
technology. We need them. We need them
to do what they are uniquely built to
do, but they are effectively, uh you
know, artisanal uh products. You know,
they're luxury goods. So, I think over
the past 30 or 40 years, we have had a
predominantly high-end military, a very
exquisite military. Um and it's systems
that we all are very familiar with, you
know, it's all of these weapons that we
talk about. You know, it's F-35s, it's
aircraft carriers,
submarines. And we need that. You know,
I'm not here suggesting that we can just
do away with all of that. And I don't
think that the war in Ukraine has
rendered that stuff obsolete.
>> Can we just pause cuz you've used the
word exquisite now a number of times and
you don't mean, I think, exquisitely
beautiful like a Ming vase. What is an
exquisite weapon?
>> Yeah. I The way I use exquisite, and
others may define it differently, um it
means it is something that is very
scarce. It is uh very hard to produce.
Um it is something that you're never
going to have a lot of. It is going to
be very technologically sophisticated
uh or or difficult to make. The problem
is we can't do only that. And I think
you're now starting to see in the
Pentagon, you know, the leadership
recognizing that you need, you know,
what's referred to as a high-low mix.
You need all the high-end stuff, uh but
you also need this kind of lower end of
capabilities that, you know, are going
to be uh more producible, more
affordable, often times more autonomous.
I think the lesson of history and really
the lesson of these recent and ongoing
conflicts is
these technologies are going to change
warfare constantly. And you're now
dealing with adversaries that are quite
capable, quite sophisticated, quite
high-tech in their own right, very
disruptive.
Um and that what we are going to field
is inherently going to give us a
fleeting advantage. That, I think, is
the real lesson that we're going to have
to take out of this, not over-indexing
on a particular piece of technology or
particular way of fighting, you know, an
old system or a new system. It's how do
we consistently stay at the cutting
edge, learn, and field. And that is, I
think, what has made the Ukrainians so
effective. Um and I think that is where
the United States military uh frankly
still has a lot to learn. And And the US
bureaucracy that supports that military
definitely has a lot to learn.
>> All right. So,
Anduril.
It's a Tolkien reference. To what? I
know the answer, but some people might
not.
>> the name is a is a conscious nerd
detector. So, um we have we have
identified you as such. Um the the
reference uh Andúril is the uh
is is Aragorn's sword in the Lord of the
Rings. It is uh the flame of the West is
I think the Elven translation. There are
>> Narsil reforged. It's a broken blade
that's been reforged.
>> Correct. And there is an active debate
about the proper pronunciation of uh
Andúril or Anduril.
>> Um How do you you How do you say it?
>> Uh look, I'm I'm, you know, uh uh
you know, a a a pretty conventional guy.
>> You're not a native Elvish not a native
Elvish speaker.
>> Andúril to me. Um I think others might
insist that the proper Elven
pronunciation is Anduril. Um you know,
these are the fights we have.
>> I'm glad I'm glad we haven't clarified
that question. So,
having a military-industrial company
named for something in Lord of the Rings
is something that you obviously have in
common with Palantir.
>> Yep.
>> Um another cutting-edge military
technology company that uh
you know, one of whose representatives
has been a guest on this very show.
You're both contractors doing work for
the Pentagon. Sometimes you work on the
same project.
How are you different?
>> Yeah. Um it's a great question, and I
think it's very easy to think that we're
the same, right? I mean, you know,
putting aside just the name, you know,
we have common DNA in the company,
common investors.
Um we're both fundamentally kind of
software-centric companies. We're just
not working with a lot of the, you know,
the customers that Palantir is working
with. Like, we don't work with um you
know, the IRS or Health and Human
Services, cuz what we do is just not
relevant to them. I think the obvious
difference is that Andúril is also
building hardware. Um so, we're building
sensors, drones, autonomous systems,
weapons.
Um you know, we're actually doing that
manufacturing. And the software that
we're building is a software system that
we call Lattice.
And and what Lattice is doing is
actually very kind of tightly integrated
and coupled with that hardware. Uh in
the sense that it is fundamentally
focused on the autonomous operation of
machines and robotic systems.
Um so,
how an individual drone, for example, is
perceiving its environment, maneuvering
through space, identifying objects of
interest, uh moving information,
collaborating with other robots, um with
all of that software having to run
inside of that inside of that robot. Um
so, if you get concrete about it, right?
I mean, we do a lot of work in counter
drone and air defense. Um and what
Lattice has to do as a software system,
what we have to do as a company, is
actually be able to take the information
that's coming out of those sensors, you
know, radar feeds and imagery from
cameras and uh signals intelligence from
electronic warfare systems. And we
actually the software has to be able to
build an understanding of the world. It
has to build objects of interest, uh
transform data into objects and targets,
to differentiate, you know, a bird from
a drone or an airplane from uh a missile
or a civilian airplane from a military
airplane.
Um and then having done that, it needs
to be able to communicate with those
machines and tell them
to keep custody of that target, to keep
looking at it, right? To be able to
track it through space and time so that
the system, the software system, can
then task a weapon to go shoot it uh or
defeat it if that's the intent of the
human operator. So, it's just to say
that this kind of system is like what
the military would refer to as a fire
control system because you are literally
controlling acts of violence through
software. And this is why, you know, you
look at the OpenAIs and and the Googles
and others. I mean, we have natural
relationships and partnerships with all
these companies. They're incredibly
eager to work with us because we have a
treasure trove of unique military data
that you're not going to go, you know,
find in a public setting. you're not
going to scrape it off the internet.
>> But you're also building
the the weapons themselves.
>> Correct.
>> Right. So, you're building the model
through which
soldiers and operators interface with
drones and counter-drone technology.
>> Yes.
>> But you're also building drones and
counter-drone technology. So, describe
describe the hardware. Just to give me a
couple examples, offensive and defensive
of the hardware and what like a typical
product looks like.
>> Yeah. Um you know, one of the bigger
systems that we're building right now uh
is an Air Force program that we competed
on and won uh called the Collaborative
Combat Aircraft, which is a fancy way of
saying uh basically a robotic fighter
jet. So, you know, fully autonomous,
launching entirely without human
control, you know, maneuvering through
the battle space, conducting operations
under the supervision of human beings,
firing weapons, um and again, doing all
of this over very long ranges, carrying
large amounts of payload, sensors,
weapons, other things. So, that is the
kind of system that we're building that
is both uh a a very unique and sort of
differentiated piece of hardware, but
what makes it special is everything that
is smart and intelligent uh that's going
on inside of it, which is which is
foundational and that's what that's what
the Lattice software system is doing.
>> Is that cheaper than the human Like is
that is that cheaper than the
alternative? Is that an example of the
kind of
lower cost warfare that you were just
talking about? Cuz it that sounds very
high-end to
>> It is It is high-end, but I think this
is where
>> Even even exquisite.
>> Uh I wouldn't necessarily I mean, look,
I would I would There are many things
that we're doing that I would say are
exquisite, but that also doesn't mean
that they they're exorbitant in terms of
their price um or in terms of the you
know, the time it takes to produce them
or change them or modify them.
Um
this is an incredibly capable system,
but you know, it is it is a fraction of
the cost of, you know, an F-35, for
example.
>> Okay.
>> Um and the whole notion is that it is an
unmanned or un- uncrewed or autonomous
system, so that you can take risk with
it that you would never take risk uh you
know with a $100 million airplane that
has a human soul aboard. Um so the whole
notion is that again, this isn't a robot
that is going to necessarily replace
human beings in exquisite military
systems. It's going to make those
systems more capable and more survivable
because you can collaborate with them,
right? You can now just uh not just send
this send a single pilot and a single
fighter jet out to conduct an operation.
You can have that uh pilot flying with,
you know, three or four or four or five
of these robotic wingmen who are now
capable of operating as as almost, you
know, kind of again, wingmen.
>> Why do you need the pilot at all though?
I mean, it seems like you
we can get into the question of
whether you need any humans in the
system in in a minute. Um but aren't
can't you just if this works, aren't you
replacing at the very least Tom Cruise?
>> Um I mean, maybe someday. I don't think
that's where we are now. And I would
argue it's probably not going to be the
case that we're going to replace humans
entirely down the future. But I think
why do you need humans now? Um because
the systems are not advanced enough that
uh they can just operate completely
without human supervision. You need a
human being that is going to be in
command of those robotic systems in the
way that a human in a fighter jet is
going to be collaborating with those
robotic uh those robotic aircraft.
>> But is there is there an advantage
specifically to having the human be in
the fighter jet with his with his or
wingmen? Or could you have them in the
just you know, in the command center
piloting from afar?
>> Um I think that there's there's an
advantage that comes from the human
being in that same operational
environment and being closer, you know,
in a world where we're seeing jamming
and uh denial of communications, um you
know, the ability to have an aircraft
that is physically in communications
with those airplanes even as they are
operating in highly autonomous ways,
um I I think is a necessity in terms of
how we are going to think about um just
the ethics of this uh
uh or the ethical use of this
technology. I think that's important. Um
I also think the military advantage is
you look at this more I look at this
more as the uh
the augmentation of human beings with
you know intelligence systems or or
robotic systems. That ultimately it's
it's not a question of is the human
better or is the machine better? It is
is the human machine team actually more
effective than either the robot or the
human by itself. And I think a lot of
the analysis that we've run, a lot of
the analysis that we've seen from the
government is that is absolutely the
case.
>> What about on defense?
Um what in terms of both drone and
missile defense? Yeah. Tell me give me
an example of work you're doing.
>> So um we build so air defense is just in
is it an inherently integrated problem,
which is why it's referred to as
integrated air and missile defense.
Um you are basically needing to do what
I was describing a minute ago, which is
you you have to complete actual kill
chains. So the ability to
um understand what's happening in the
environment, you know, be able to
identify and target the systems that you
want to defeat, and then be able to task
weapons or or military effects, kinetic
or non-kinetic, uh to defeat those
threats. And do all of that in a matter
of of of seconds. Um like to operate it
at a speed that a human being is not
going to be able to keep up with. Uh one
of the systems that has done remarkably
well uh in in protecting, you know,
American bases and American aircraft uh
in Operation Epic Fury is the is the
electronic warfare system that we build
called Pulsar. Um we also have
>> And what is that so take that example.
That that is you're trying to defend,
let's say, a US base in the Middle East,
right? So that is trying to shoot down
both missiles and drone attacks.
>> So this is doing this um in what the
military would refer to as
non-kinetically. So
>> Okay, but how would how would how would
you or I refer to it?
>> it is preventing a uh a weapon from
being able to strike its target by
um using energy using the
electromagnetic spectrum to disrupt its
operations. At the most basic level,
that is what it is. And to get more
technical, it begins to sound like
witchcraft because it mostly is.
>> So so you're not you're not firing
interceptors. You're not firing
>> we're also doing that.
So basically, this is a
a military interceptor that is going to
launch from a base
that is going to fly out in much the
>> same way that, you know, an air defense
weapon will.
>> It is going to be able to identify a
target. It's going to be able to, you
know, physically run into it and explode
and and knock it out of the knock it out
of the air.
>> Say say a little more about the
witchcraft though. So let's say I'm
running I'm running a US military base
in the Middle East, right? And I have a
set of drones Iranian drones heading
towards me. So on the one hand, I have
as weapons my as countermeasures, right?
My set of maybe ideally reusable
rockets
>> Right.
>> that will intercept and take them down.
And so some subset of
the incoming fire is taken out by that
and then some subset is disrupted
through electromagnetic fields.
>> Yeah, it's it's basically
you know, it's what the military would
refer to as a layered defense. I think
that that traditionally we've thought of
air and missile defense as as very point
specific. I'm trying to defend a very
small piece of real estate, you know,
military base. And the the volume of
threats that I have to defend it against
is not very large. And I think what
we've seen is that with the
proliferation of these one-way attack
drones in Ukraine, in Iran, air defense
is shifting into more area defense. You
have to be able to protect very large
areas of territory, whole cities, whole
regions. And it just requires a much
larger volume of sensors, you know, a
far larger volume of weapons.
And it basically requires you to
integrate everything. So, the first
thing that you're going to do is not,
once you see an air defense threat, once
you see an inbound missile or a one-way
attack drone, the first thing hopefully
is not shoot a Patriot missile at it.
You're going to deploy something like
what I'm talking about in the Pulsar
system, which is an electronic warfare
system. It's reusable.
You know, it is essentially trying to
defeat inbound threats with with
jamming, with
>> So, it's not shoot Is it it's not shoot
Is it shooting something up?
>> No, it is it is a directed energy
weapon.
>> It's creating fields around
>> It's a force field
>> It's a force No,
>> It's effectively a force field.
>> I want you to say.
>> There you go. So, you know, for for the
listeners, it is a force field. We have
done it.
You know, the next up will be cloaking
devices.
But no, this is
>> it but it functions like there is a zone
of electromagnetic interference and and
and missiles or drones enter
>> at that, right? It's it's not trying to
basically just pump huge volumes of
energy out into the environment and do
kind of broad spectrum jamming.
>> And then so then the second layer would
be
things that come in and then
>> work for some reason, then you start
shooting, you know,
>> But this is what's being used now?
>> This is being used now.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> You know, across the world.
>> Is it used in for like for instance
Israel's Iron Dome? Does Israel's Iron
Dome use the the directed energy?
>> We are not currently a part of their
program, but I have to imagine that
Israel has similar capabilities that
they're fielding as part of Iron Dome.
>> And long run be speculative just
this is obviously designed for
base defense. In Israel's case, you have
missile defense geared around cities and
regions. Do you imagine this long-term
as sort of a
version of or an upgrade of missile
defense for the American homeland? Like
is there a world where this ends up
being sort of
a means of derailing a nuclear attack or
is that just sort of in a completely
different realm of threat?
>> nuclear realm is just a a wholly
different animal. Um but in terms of
um
being able to protect, you know,
military bases or critical
infrastructure from drone attacks here
in the United States, um
we're doing a lot of that work as a
company. Um the electronic warfare
system that I mentioned is part of that
work, but it is a it's a much larger
problem um that again gets back into how
do we do this kind of air defense
mission at scale?
>> How hard is it to get this to actually
work? And here I'm just going to throw
at you and you can respond to any of
them some examples of publicly reported
and derailing failures. All right, so
there's reporting that Ukraine used some
of your drones and then stopped using
them
after a certain period of time because
there were battlefield failures. There
are specific case studies like one of
your counter-drone system tests in
Oregon reportedly sparked a 22-acre
wildfire.
Um there was a engine-related failure to
one of your autonomous fighter
prototypes Fury. Those would be
examples, right?
>> Yeah. Um
>> How How How well does this stuff work
and how hard is it to get it actually
work?
>> Yeah, I mean without relitigating the
kind of the individual incidents cuz you
know, the engine fire just didn't happen
and that was something that, you know,
we we um corrected the misimpression
that a reporter had because it had been
fed wrong information. Um
>> How about the How about Well, how about
just just take take
>> is like we fail every single day. Right?
I mean, that's like the tip of the
iceberg in terms of the the failures
that we experience as a company. Um but
that's I think the whole point here. Um
the answer to your question of how hard
it is to make this stuff work is
incredibly hard. Um it it is far harder
than people realize. And for that
reason, you know, we have invested as a
company. This is our own money. This is
not money that the taxpayer is is is
funding us uh to do. Um you know, at
this point I think we have about 330,000
acres of of test sites and ranges across
the United States that
>> Where Where are those?
>> Undisclosed locations.
>> Okay. Mostly in the West?
>> Um in places where you can afford to
have large amounts of space.
>> Not in Connecticut. Just for my own
>> No. But if you want to open a test site
in Connecticut, Ross, we should talk. It
can be your side hustle. Um
it's to say that, you know, we go out
every single day and break these
systems.
Um we figure out what their capabilities
and limitations are.
Uh we
uh develop them to the point where they
are going to be you know, trusted by an
operator that's going to use them. But
even then, the expectation cannot be
that when a system shows up in Ukraine,
it's going to work immediately. And I
think that is an experience that any
company that has been operating in
Ukraine since, you know, the beginning
of the war, which we have, and the
military systems that we've been
fielding are still in operations in
Ukraine, no one has had an experience
where they fielded something that has
just been perfect and worked out of the
box. And to the extent that it did,
uh it didn't work a week later or a
month later or a couple of months after
that. And I think again, the whole
lesson of this is not, you know, can we
build a perfect piece of technology? It
is, do we actually have the right
institutional culture or organizational
culture where we are learning, we are
testing, we are training these systems,
we are building trust in them, we are
enabling operators to build trust in
them, and then when those systems don't
work, because they won't, um because of
things that, you know, new technology
makes possible or responses that are
adversaries engage in, um we have to be
able to modernize the systems and
improve them and change them and rebuild
them. And that's what we do every single
day. I mean, we're integrating uh new
sensors and new payloads onto these
systems. Um you know, we're rebuilding
entire systems altogether at a hardware
level. You know, entirely new versions
of aircraft and other things.
>> war is an accelerant, right? Both both
the Ukraine war and the Iran war are are
of this technology's development, right?
>> Yes. Um at least it should be. Um it it
it at a technical level it's an
accelerant because you are you are in a
non-fail environment where you have to
perform and you have to get better and
it's all mission-critical.
Um and and that kind of incentive is
exactly the kind of pressure that we
want to be under because at the end of
the day we are building autonomous
systems. And, you know, autonomous
systems are by nature very finicky,
right? I mean, you know, we you take
them into one environment and they
perceive the world differently. You take
them into a different environment and
you have to do a certain amount of
retraining. Um all of this ultimately
comes down to the trust that human
beings are going to place in them. So,
if those systems are not predictable and
reliable, if they don't do things in a
repeated and sort of high-trust way,
operators are just not going to use
them, right? There's no points for being
autonomous. There's points for being
effective and for being useful. Um
autonomy is a means to that end in our
mind.
>> What about the capacity to build the
kind of things you're building at scale?
You're one company,
>> Yeah.
>> right? You said earlier basically that
under current conditions
we, you know, can spend a lot of money
and the existing legacy weapon systems
we have, you know, we we just don't get
that large a number of missiles and so
on, right? Does the US have the existing
industrial capacity to build out
autonomous weapons, drones and other
things on the scale that we need in an
environment where you've just said that
we aren't maybe well positioned to win a
major war.
>> Yeah. I I think the answer is yes and
no. I think the yes answer is we
absolutely have the ability to
uh stand up industrial infrastructure,
you know, bring the workforce in. I
mean, these are not problems that we're
concerned about. Um you know, we just
closed another fundraising round, so
we're taking in $5 of private capital.
Um
>> And this is something, by the way, that
this you mentioned earlier the venture
capital role here.
This is a different model from the
traditional defense contractor.
>> Yes.
>> Right? Where you are you are effectively
raising money, building weapons, and
presenting them to the Pentagon before a
contract is signed.
>> In part that. Um there there are plenty
of instances where we have conviction in
a solution that needs to be built to
solve a military or national security
problem. And we've gotten into exactly
that. You know, we put our own money at
risk. We spin up a team. We build a
system. And we take that system to the
government and say,
you know, you probably wouldn't have
come up with this on your own, but we
think that it is an answer to your
problem. Um as we've become a larger
company, we've also had to to, you know,
kind of change the business model and
engage in different bets, which I would
argue makes it start to look much more
like, you know, the commercial economy
that we're all familiar with, which is
if you give me a contract to build
weapons, um the traditional way of doing
it is the government is going to pay the
provider of that traditional weapon all
of the costs to build their facilities,
to hire their people, uh to cover the
overruns when the program goes over
budget, and off schedule. The taxpayers
on the hook for all of that. And the and
the uh you know, the the the industry
partner really isn't bearing a lot of
that risk. Um I think what is changing
now, and I think Anduril has done a lot
to change it, but I also give a lot of
credit to the leadership of the current
leadership of the Pentagon that's trying
to change this business model as well.
Um let's try to make this more like a
commercial transaction where
uh I sell weapons and you want weapons.
I'm going to if you give me a contract
to build a lot of weapons, I'm going to
go off and build those weapons. Um if I
am off schedule, or if I underperform,
or if I'm behind, that's all on me. Um
and I'm the one that has to eat the cost
of that failure in order to meet the
obligations of my contract.
>> like
>> same way that you would, you know, put a
roof on your house, or, you know, go buy
a piece of, you know,
>> Well, except
except that
unless you start selling to other
countries, it's a market with only one
buyer, right? Which means that you are
as a company in a position where
you are sort of at the mercy of
political changes, political decisions.
I want to ask about this because
Palantir again has a higher profile than
you do and has a specific political
profile. There's lots of people who hate
and fear Palantir who associate it with
sort of
general fears about the surveillance
state but also specific fears or
concerns about its alignment with
Republican politics, the Trump
administration and so on. I think this
is less of an issue for Anduril but your
See, I did the Tolkien pronunciation
there.
Um but your prominent founder Palmer
Luckey is a prominent Republican.
Obviously, there is overlap
um with Palantir. You yourself have
mentioned it. You have uh one of the
funds investing in you uh is connected
to Donald Trump Jr. Like is there a
world where your business model just
goes away in a Democratic administration
because it's like Anduril, well, those
were the those were the Trump guys.
Or the or the Pete Hegseth guys, right?
Like how how vulnerable are you to
politics?
>> No, I I personally don't think that we
are that vulnerable. Um I think that
from day one we've recognized that
Anduril is a defense company.
Um
and defense is a long game. And you have
to be able to play that long game not
knowing what the future politics of the
country are going to hold. This is for
us uh
politics is something that, you know,
individuals can engage in and, you know,
Palmer certainly has his uh political
profile. Our our CEO is a very uh
public and avowed Democrat. Um you know,
I have no idea what I am anymore. Um
but I It's It's to say that it's It
doesn't matter, right? Because at the
end of the day what we're focused on as
a company, um
we are actually engaged in a bipartisan
way across both houses of Congress, both
parties
um
to provide an enduring capacity in this
country to build the kinds of defense
technologies and capabilities that I
think on both sides of the aisle people
want.
>> So, let's say let's say that vision is
right and you become an enduring part of
the defense industrial base
and [snorts] the next president is a is
a Democrat, doesn't matter, you're doing
the work you want to do and we get into
the early 2030s and we get a war
with China
over Taiwan.
Just
give me a
brief vision of what Anduril's success
looks like in that environment. Like
what what actually happens?
>> Yeah. Um
it is first and foremost, right? Let's
say
the the actual success that we measure
ourselves by as a company is whether we
prevent that war from ever happening.
And that's I know you get it, table
stakes, right? But it But it needs to be
said, right? Because look, we are a
defense company, we do build military
technology, but we're not excited for it
>> Describe then then put it this way.
Describe the scenario that would that
China would fear
that would induce them not to go to war.
>> Yeah. So, some specific things because I
think the specifics are what it is
interesting. Um ultimately, we want to
contribute to America's ability to
defeat their strategy. And what their
strategy is, I think, not reading their
kind of internal emails or what have
you, is they want to prevent us from
being able to project power. They want
to prevent us from being able to come to
the aid of our allies and partners in
the region, whether it's Taiwan, Japan,
or someone else.
Um
and they want to be able to endure
through, you know, what could be a
protracted conflict by keeping us out of
it. Um and again, they built up
>> concretely, they want to initially
>> They want to pre
>> destroy our bases and drive our aircraft
carriers out of the region.
>> They they say it very clearly. They say
it it is winning without fighting. They
want to prevent us from being able to
fight. And that is the sort of deep
disruption that has been happening to
the United States military for the past
30 to 35 years. China went to school on
us in terms of how we fight and with
what we fight and they have been
building up and modernizing a military
to hold all of that at risk. So
specifically what we want to be able to
do is we want to be able to break that
advantage. We want to make the bases and
you know ships and aircraft carriers
that are going to be under threat in
that region defensible.
Having larger numbers of robotic systems
that
are purpose-built for the Indo-Pacific
region, right? So I think a lot of
people look at the war in Ukraine and
say on the one hand we just need to buy
everything that the Ukrainians are
building quadcopters and others or on
the other hand
>> Or or have the Taiwanese buy them.
>> Or I'll get I'll get to the Taiwan
question and and the Allied question in
a second but you know the the criticism
of you know people who over index on the
war in Ukraine is oh none of this stuff
is relevant in the Indo-Pacific region.
The distances are too vast. The
geography is so large. The threat and
you know from from the Chinese is so
much greater
and there's a degree to which that's
true. I think the point is that
what we actually need to be doing is I
think what we're doing as a company
which is not just carbon copying what
the Ukrainians are doing but learning
the lessons of that battlefield and the
attributes of those technologies and
building different kinds of military
systems that are purpose-built for the
United States and its allies for
different geographies and and for a far
higher bar of threat that we would be
facing from you know from the Chinese
Communist Party. And then I think
specifically to your question about
Taiwan because these are the places
where you know you have the flash points
of conflict where a conflict might
emerge. Um
I think that we have to do our best to
support the Taiwanese government in
making themselves more defensible. Um
making themselves into the kind of
adversary that is
so distasteful that the Chinese military
the Chinese political leadership just
doesn't want to take that on right? So
looking at this
>> [clears throat]
>> like drone swarms when you have an
attempted amphibious landing.
>> Yeah making them making them more
defensible from
the the types of inbound missiles,
cruise missiles, ballistic missiles,
one-way attack drones that they're going
to be faced with,
giving them the ability to defend
against and sort of endure that sort of
onslaught. The ability to project power
in a way that keeps them in the fight.
And that is that is some that is work
that Anduril's doing. I mean, we're
providing that capability obviously with
the US government's blessing directly to
the the Tai Taiwanese armed forces.
And it's something that we intend to do
a lot more provided that they have, you
know, the the will and the means and the
US government continues to back us in
doing that.
>> All right, let's end with the ethics of
this
strange new world.
>> Yeah.
>> Right?
You talked earlier about emphasizing the
idea of keeping humans in the loop,
keeping humans involved. What are your
actual core principles as a company when
it comes to what what is allowed to
happen autonomously in a conflict area?
>> My my general frustration with the
ethical debate right now is that it
feels very kind of unsophisticated and
stale. You know, I think on the one side
you have folks who basically are looking
at the the reality of the security
dilemma that we face, which is our
adversaries are going to do all of this.
They're going to build these autonomous
systems. They're going to take human
beings out of the loop
and they're going to gain a military
advantage. And if we don't do that, you
know, we'll be we'll be on our back
foot. And there's a degree to which
that's real. But
>> Is it by by the way, just in the case of
Ukraine right now,
you have drones killing people without a
human in the loop, right? Already?
>> I
Again, I don't know everything that's
going on there. I actually think a lot
of what you've seen more recently is you
you don't have that. You have drones
that are being piloted by very capable
drone pilots that are the ones flying
them into their targets, whether those
targets are people, soldiers,
you know, or or military systems. I
don't think that you are seeing a large
amount of automation yet on the
battlefield, but I think that too could
change, you know, that if the Ukrainians
start building up more of a an internal
capacity to shoot deep, right? To shoot
longer range one-way attack drones in
volume deeper into Russia,
you're probably going to have to
automate more of the operations of those
systems.
>> sending you're then you would be just
sending them out and saying, "Go until
you see something to kill and kill it."
>> Um
that is a version of it. Um
I think that the And and
again, I think to go back to your
question about the ethics. I I think on
the other side is is folks who look at
this and say, "This technology is so
new, it's so unprecedented that we just
have to ban it outright. We just have to
never go there." And I I think that
that's also not a sophisticated
position. And I think that what to
answer your question directly, what I
think we try to stay focused on as a
company is the reality that over the
past decades and I would argue
centuries, you know, Western
civilization, the United States in
particular, has built up a body of laws
and uh you know, policies and doctrine
uh that enables us to bring brand new
technology uh into military use, to
weaponize it, and to use it in a way
that is still ethically constrained and
and thought about in a serious and
ethical way. What we need to be doing a
better job of as a country is not
throwing out this this remarkable body
of sort of, you know, ethical thinking
and action and doctrine that we've built
up, but actually applying it to govern
how these technologies are being built
and introduced to military operations
because I think that there's nothing to
me that is so new and so unique and so
unprecedented about these technologies
that uh the the sort of ethical
frameworks that we have brought to bear
to solve past problems can't enable us
to solve these future problems.
>> That's That's okay. That's very general,
though. I want you to make this
concrete. What are the current existing
constraints on what the Pentagon
What's your understanding of the
allows a drone or an autonomous weapon
to do without a human deciding kill this
person, shoot this person.
>> So if you if you look at the actual
policy, it's a very serious document,
but it's also quite broad, you know, and
it would account for a lot of things and
I actually think that's that's right and
well and good. I think that people also
need to realize
>> but what does it say?
>> Um
>> I know I know it's very broad, but like
what is there a specific rule?
>> important thing is what it doesn't say,
right? It doesn't say you're not allowed
to automate the kill chain. It doesn't
say that you're not allowed to
build a military system that is capable
of basically being a lethal autonomous
weapon. Um
>> So you're allowed to do that.
>> Uh you are not not allowed to do that.
>> Right. Okay.
>> what what the point is is that people
also have to appreciate that um
bureaucracies by nature and military
bureaucracies in particular are
inherently conservative. Um and I think
that it's a it's a fundamental
misunderstanding and I'm not saying that
you're you're, you know, guilty of this,
but I think that many are. It is a
misunderstanding
>> be guilty of it. That's okay.
>> It's a misunderstanding of our um of our
defense institution that they're just
going to take a bunch of unproven
technology and then willy-nilly kind of
throw it onto the battlefield and see
what happens. Because at the end of the
day what they are accountable for and
the consequences of their work is life
and death. Not just life and death with
respect to, you know, enemy combatants,
civilians, you know, but also for our
own personnel. Um you don't want a
weapon system that malfunctions. You
don't want uh you know, a drone or an
autonomous system that hallucinates. So
there is a process that
uh all new technology has to go through.
Um and I think that it is going to be no
different in the case of these kinds of
more highly intelligent, highly
autonomous robotic systems where
you are going to rigorously train them
to do very specific things. You're going
to test them to determine that they
actually perform those tasks the right
way, effectively, repeatedly,
predictably.
And in the process of that training and
testing, you're going to build trust
that those systems are safe to use and
effective to use.
Um
>> And more and and where in that process
do you determine where the moral line is
for letting robots kill people?
>> Um so to take a specific sort of point
of differentiation,
how I would answer your question would
be very different in a defensive
application of this technology than an
offensive application. If I'm going to
take a highly intelligent machine and
send it down range to go hunt targets
and basically make its own decisions
about, you know, what to do, what to
shoot, etc., um there's going to be a
far higher bar applied to letting that
system go off and do those things than a
similar system would be if it were
employed in a defensive setting like an
air defense application we talked about
where
the risk of not doing that is that the
human beings that are under threat from
those inbound missiles will be too slow
and too incapable of being able to
defend themselves.
Um so you're going to be far more
willing to put that kind of advanced
technology into a defensive use case
because you're literally protecting
human life
as opposed to an offensive case where
you're sending that system out uh to
take human life.
>> Is there a world where
the military for offensive warfare has a
policy that human beings have to be in
the loop, but in effect this technology
is so fast
and, you know, you're you're sort of
caught up in the operations of
artificial intelligence and autonomous
weapons that the human being ends up
being just sort of a rubber stamp?
Right. That I mean, cuz that that seems
like a possible future, too, that you
technically maintain humans in the kill
chain, but in practice you never want to
be
the mid-level
soldier who says no to what the AI is
telling you to do, right?
>> think here, too, I mean, it's
it's also highly contextual. Like, I
absolutely can imagine a world where we
uh where we build lethal autonomous
weapons and we use them exactly as you
were describing. Um you know, again,
back to this ethical framework. When the
United States military goes to war,
um we will declare what are called areas
of active hostilities. And what you're
saying to the world is this is a war
zone. Do not go there if you're, you
know, a a commercial fisherman or, you
know, uh you know, uh uh
you know, commercial mariner, do not
take your, you know, take your ship
through there, do not fly your aircraft
through there
um because this is going to be an area
where we are lowering the bar for uh how
we are going to use violence. Or we're
going to delegate more of our military
operations to intelligent machines in
order to gain that advantage or not lose
that advantage. But you are doing so in
a context that you've created that gives
you much higher assurance that you're
not going to be making mistakes, killing
civilians, uh killing your own people.
Um And and again, I think this is where
like
I I I apologize for continuing to come
back to the the context and the
specifics, but I think that's where all
the devils lie in these kinds of ethical
discussions of these new technologies.
>> So then, two last questions on
on that just from your perspective as
someone who
is making weapons for the military, but
you do not work for the military.
Does the private company that does this
kind of work with the military just have
to accept as the basis for doing
business that you are trusting the
military
in these specific circumstances, right?
And because this is obviously something
that's come up a lot with the big AI
companies, which are not defense
contractors, but now kind of are defense
contractors and famously Anthropic maybe
had problems with how the Pentagon might
use its AI and this led to conflict
between the Pentagon and Anthropic.
>> Yeah.
>> What's what's your view of the
the place the place of the company the
private company doing this work in
thinking about how the weapons are
actually used?
>> Yeah. I I think
working with or working for the
government is kind of an all or nothing
venture.
Um and I think that's how it should be.
Um I don't think that we ever want uh
the builders of technology in America to
basically enact a veto over how our
government is using that technology. I
think that is a decision that needs to
remain in the hands of the American
people and their elected
representatives. And I think that for
companies that want to work with the
government, that's what you're signing
up for. You are signing up for the
belief that working for our government
is inherently good. Uh it is something
that is necessary and right. Um and that
you are believing that the government is
going to be following the laws of the
land. It's going to be uh constrained by
the checks and balances of the
Constitution and our other institutions
of government. Um but that you can't
show up and and try to sort of veto
individual use cases, right? As a as a
builder of weapons
um in the United States, you know, I
can't show up to the Pentagon and say,
"You can buy my weapons, but you can't
give them to Israel. You can't shoot
them in Yemen. You can't provide them,
you know, uh you know, to the American
military in Operation Epic Fury or, you
know, share them to the Taiwanese or the
you know, the Europeans." Um you
basically have to say, "Look, I am here
to provide a capability or a service and
I am trusting that the government is
going to, you know, they're going to
make policy. They're going to follow the
law. They're going to be checked and uh
balanced and constrained by the other
institutions of our government." Um and
that's I think what you're signing up
for. If a private actor, a company, or a
person doesn't believe that they can
support their government in that way,
providing them that technology or
service.
The right thing to do is just to walk
away, right? To not to do that work. And
there are plenty of companies in America
that choose not to engage in defense or
choose not to,
uh, you know, provide capability to the
government. And that is, I think, an
absolutely ethical,
uh, ethically supportable decision. And,
you know, I think it's a good thing that
in America we have that choice. We have
that luxury. I think, you know, where
Anthropic went wrong, um, and there's
plenty of blame to go around, but I
think it is,
uh, I don't believe we want these kinds
of technology companies to include us at
Anduril uh, showing up and trying to
dictate to,
uh, you know, our elected
representatives, our leaders, our, you
know, Senate-confirmed officials, and
ultimately the American people what they
can and can't do with the technologies
that we're building.
>> Stipulating that that's true, and that
that's just inevitably going to be the
necessary approach that you take. I'm
just curious, as a last question,
whether there's
anything concrete that you fear with
this technology. And I And I'll just
say, as context,
the pattern in major wars in most of
human history, especially where
technology is involved, is you get in a
major war, it goes on a long time, and
you escalate the use of new technology
to a threshold
of moral danger. And this could be
poison gas in World War I.
It could be the strategic bombing of
cities and the use of nuclear weapons in
World War II. There are other examples,
right? But it seems very imaginable to
me that you get in a major war with
autonomous weapons, and a system of
moral constraint that works
right now starts to go out the window.
And I'm just curious to end, like,
are you ever afraid of where the things
you're building could be taken?
>> Um,
I think you have to be. And it would be
irresponsible if you weren't, uh, you
know, for for me or for anybody who is
working in this area of technology to
fear the sort of future use cases that
these systems could be put to or the the
ways in which they would develop. But, I
think to your question about those
future scenarios, um at the end of the
day
the only thing we can focus on is
building the best technology that
uh that we're capable of building to
support, you know, the United States,
our government, our allies and partners
recognizing that the future use cases,
the context, all of these things are
going to change and be different. And
it's hard to answer your question in the
abstract because
you know, a few years prior to World War
II, if anyone could even contemplate,
you know, an atomic bomb, um it would
hard it would be hard to imagine that
someone would support that as like an
ethical use. The point being is that
these things remain highly contextual.
Um and sort of what you are willing to
condone and what you're willing to do uh
is going to change based on the
circumstances that you find yourselves
in. And I think the only thing that you
can do as a builder of technology is
again, provide the best capability that
you can, keep uh you know, the United
States and our allies and partners on
the cutting edge of technology to try to
ensure that those wars never happen.
But, in the event that God forbid we
find ourselves in them, um you know,
recognize that those are going to be the
decisions that the you know, elected
representatives of the American people
are going to have to make under very
difficult circumstances and we pray we
get you know, they they get them right.
>> All right, Chris Brose, thanks for
joining me.
>> Thank you. Great to be here.